I don't care if you dare to attack Dr. Ye today
I'll be killed in front of you, you dare to threaten me
You hit, you hit
No one has dared to threaten me
I'll do it. I appreciate the lady's kindness
But he can't let you go today, can he?
Don't worry, I'm fine.
Still arrogant
I see how arrogant you can be
Since I'm going to die today
So can you also be honest?
What do I have to confess?
I've done 900 bad things, not a thousand bad things.
Your Ye family is the door that I extinguished by fire
how
You still want to hit me?
I have more than 100 people under my command
Wrap this place up outside
What are you hitting me with?
Hey
It should be about time.
What's almost there?
I don't want to talk nonsense with you.
You were born in the Ye family and are my enemy
Why do you think
You will definitely win today. I am good at eating rice
But the bodyguard I brought today
10 times better than you